Hi. This is Kesha Williams from Pluralsight.
Welcome to my course, Spring Boot Fundamentals.
During the rollout of changes,
the Trackzilla product team noticed that one small change seemed
to break functionality elsewhere in the system.
The developers did test their code and conduct unit testing,
but they were just unsure of all of the dependencies that needed to be tested.
We will look at ways to automate testing and increase confidence that
minor changes will not break existing functionality.
Today, we're going to look at testing with Spring Boot.
I will teach you about writing unit tests and integration tests,
leveraging Spring Boot features like the @SpringBootTest
annotation and the @WebMvcTest annotation.
I will also show you how to test using a mock environment. I will also teach you about the Spring Boot TestRestTemplate.